"After an all night party, you wake up in a strange place. Next to you is a jar of blue goo.",
You have a big party one night. You wake up in a new place. Next to you you see this: A jar of blue goo.


"Take the goo",
Take goo


"Gross! Leave it!",
Gross! Take goo not


"Looking for answers, you wander around until you find a merchant rubbing his hands together.",
You are looking for information. You move. You find a merchant.


"Trade the goo for a sword",
Sell goo for sword


"Trade the goo for a shield",
Sell goo for shield


"Ignore the merchant",
Ignoramus's merchant	


"After leaving the merchant you begin to feel tired. You find a small village in the shadow of a scary looking castle.",
You leave merchant. You begin to feel this. You feel tired. You find a small village in the next to a scary looking castle


"Explore the castle",
Look inside castle


"Find a room to sleep at in the village",
Sleep in a room in the village


"Find some hay in a stable to sleep in",
Sleep in hay at stable


"The castle has dozens of twisty passages all alike. You feel unexplainably tired. Finding a bed in one of the passages, you fall asleep. Unfortunately, you are killed by a terrible monster in your sleep. The good news is that you never felt a thing.",
Castle has many twisty hall all alike. You feel very sleepy. You fins a bed and sleep. You are killed by a scary monster. One good thing, you didn't feel anything


"Play Again",
Same

"Without any money to rent a room, you break into an inn and fall asleep. After a few hours of sleep the owner of the inn finds you and has the town guard lock you in a cell where you are killed by a fellow prisoner.",
You have no money. You go into room and sleep. The home owner finds you and you are taken by the guards. You are killed by a fellow prisoner


"Play Again",
Same	

"You wake up well rested and full of energy ready to explore the nearby castle.",
You wake up. You feel good. You go in castle.


"Explore the castle",
Look around in castle

"While exploring the castle you come across a horrible monster in your path.",
In castle, you find scary monster. 

"Try to run",
Run

"Attack it with your sword",
Same`


"Hide behind your shield",
Same	

"Throw the blue goo at it",
Same

"Your attempts to run are in vain and the monster easily catches you and kills you",


"Play Again",


"You foolishly thought this monster could be slain with a single sword. Bwahahahaha! He eats you.",


"Play Again",


"The monster laughs as you hide behind your shield. He eats you, shield and all.",


"Play Again",


"You threw your jar of goo at the monster and it exploded. After the dust settled you saw the monster was destroyed. Seeing your victory you decide to claim this castle as your own and live out the rest of your days there.",


"Congratulations. Play Again.",

